Add Wazuh archives documentation (#6124)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/wazuh-archives.rst

#. Download the Sysmon configuration file: `sysmonconfig.xml <https://wazuh.com/resources/blog/detecting-process-injection-with-wazuh/sysmonconfig.xml>`_.

#. Install Sysmon with the downloaded configuration file using PowerShell as an administrator:

   .. code-block:: powershell

      > .\sysmon64.exe -accepteula -i .\sysmonconfig.xml 

#. Add the following configuration within the ``<ossec_config>`` block to the Wazuh agent configuration file ``C:\Program Files (x86)\ossec-agent\ossec.conf`` to specify the location for collecting Sysmon logs:

   .. code-block:: html

      <localfile>
        <location>Microsoft-Windows-Sysmon/Operational</location>
        <log_format>eventchannel</log_format>
      </localfile>

#. Restart the Wazuh agent to apply the changes by running the following PowerShell command as an administrator:

   .. code-block:: powershell

      > Restart-Service -Name Wazuh

Atomic Red Team installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Perform the following steps to install the Atomic Red Team PowerShell module on a Windows 11 endpoint using PowerShell as an administrator.

> #. Run the command below to modify PowerShell default execution policy to ``RemoteSigned``: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Run the command below to modify the PowerShell default execution policy to ``RemoteSigned``: 
```

      > Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned

#. Install the ART execution framework:

   .. code-block:: powershell

      > IEX (IWR 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redcanaryco/invoke-atomicredteam/master/install-atomicredteam.ps1' -UseBasicParsing);
      > Install-AtomicRedTeam -getAtomics

#. Import the ART module to use the ``Invoke-AtomicTest`` function:

   .. code-block:: powershell

      > Import-Module "C:\AtomicRedTeam\invoke-atomicredteam\Invoke-AtomicRedTeam.psd1" -Force

#. Use the ``Invoke-AtomicTest`` function to show details of the ``T1218.010`` technique:

   .. code-block:: powershell

      > Invoke-AtomicTest T1218.010 -ShowDetailsBrief

   .. code-block:: console
      :class: output

      PathToAtomicsFolder = C:\AtomicRedTeam\atomics
      
      T1218.010-1 Regsvr32 local COM scriptlet execution
      T1218.010-2 Regsvr32 remote COM scriptlet execution
      T1218.010-3 Regsvr32 local DLL execution
      T1218.010-4 Regsvr32 Registering Non DLL
      T1218.010-5 Regsvr32 Silent DLL Install Call DllRegisterServer

Attack emulation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Emulate the signed binary proxy execution technique on the Windows 11 endpoint.

> #. Run the command below with Powershell as an administrator to perform the T1218.010 test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Run the command below with Powershell as an administrator to perform the ``T1218.010`` test:
```

   .. code-block:: powershell

      > Invoke-AtomicTest T1218.010

   .. code-block:: console
      :class: output

      PathToAtomicsFolder = C:\AtomicRedTeam\atomics
      
      Executing test: T1218.010-1 Regsvr32 local COM scriptlet execution
      Done executing test: T1218.010-1 Regsvr32 local COM scriptlet execution
      Executing test: T1218.010-2 Regsvr32 remote COM scriptlet execution
      Done executing test: T1218.010-2 Regsvr32 remote COM scriptlet execution
      Executing test: T1218.010-3 Regsvr32 local DLL execution
      Done executing test: T1218.010-3 Regsvr32 local DLL execution
      Executing test: T1218.010-4 Regsvr32 Registering Non DLL
      Done executing test: T1218.010-4 Regsvr32 Registering Non DLL
      Executing test: T1218.010-5 Regsvr32 Silent DLL Install Call DllRegisterServer
      Done executing test: T1218.010-5 Regsvr32 Silent DLL Install Call DllRegisterServer

> Several calculator instances will pop-up after a successful execution of the exploit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several calculator instances will pop up after a successful execution of the exploit.
```

Wazuh dashboard
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Use the Wazuh archives to query and display events related to the technique being hunted. It's important to note that while consulting the archives, some events might already be captured as alerts on the Wazuh dashboard. You can use information from the Wazuh archives, including alerts and events that have no detection to create custom rules based on your specific requirements.

#. Apply a time range filter to view events that occurred within the last five minutes of when the test was performed. Filter to view logs from the specific Windows endpoint using ``agent.id``, ``agent.ip`` or ``agent.name``. 

   .. thumbnail:: /images/manual/wazuh-archives/detecting-signed-binary-proxy-execution-1.png
      :title: Review recent events. Filter information using agent name, ID or IP address. 
      :alt: Review recent events. Filter information using agent name, ID or IP address.
      :align: center
      :width: 80%

>    You can see a several hits that you can investigate to determine a correlation with the earlier attack emulation. For instance, you may notice a calculator spawning event similar to the one observed on the Windows endpoint during the test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   There are multiple hits that you can investigate to determine a correlation with the earlier attack emulation. For instance, you may notice a calculator spawning event similar to the one observed on the Windows endpoint during the test.
```
